README.md, before:

# Duck-Rabbit Philosophy Farm 🦆🐰

Welcome to the **Duck-Rabbit Philosophy Farm**, an interactive, educational game designed to introduce children to philosophical concepts through playful exploration. Join Duck and Rabbit as they guide young philosophers around a whimsical farm, exploring ideas from autonomy and belief to ethical dilemmas like the trolley problem!

## 🎮 How to Play

* Explore the farm by clicking areas on the interactive map.
* Discover hidden letters scattered throughout the scenes. Each one is a colorful image from the `assets/images/letters` folder.
* When a letter is clicked, it slides to the bottom of the screen and lines up with the others.
* Each letter reveals a philosophical concept, a friendly explanation, and engaging questions.
* Click on the Duck-Rabbit icon anytime for helpful advice or hints. After you find all 26 letters, the icon congratulates you.
* Once you reach the picnic area, a map icon appears in the top-left corner. Click it to return to the farm map.

## 🌟 Key Features

* **Interactive exploration**: Navigate through various engaging scenes like Sheep in the Field, What is it Like to Be a Bat, and Shadows in the Cave.
* **Educational dialogues**: Duck and Rabbit guide thoughtful discussions on philosophical questions tailored for kids.
* **Engaging visuals**: Cartoon farmyard characters and colorful backgrounds create an inviting environment for learning.

## 🛠️ Technology Used

* **JavaScript** with the **p5.js** library for creative coding.
* **HTML/CSS** for structure and styling.
* Hosted on **GitHub Pages** for easy access and sharing.

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

To run the game locally on your machine:

1. Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/maxaeon/philosophygame.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

4. Open `http://localhost:8080` (or the URL shown in the terminal) in your web browser.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
philosophygame/
├── assets/
│   ├── images/       # Game visuals
│   └── audio/        # Sound effects (optional)
├── js/
│   ├── characters.js
│   ├── sceneCharacters.js  # Characters by scene
│   ├── scenes.js
│   ├── letters.js
│   └── sketch.js
├── index.html        # Main HTML file
└── style.css         # Styling
```

## 🤝 Contribution

Suggestions and contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to help enhance the game.

## 📜 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

Enjoy exploring philosophy with Duck and Rabbit! 🎉

Commit message:

feat: support scene-specific character positions

README.md, after:

# Duck-Rabbit Philosophy Farm 🦆🐰

Welcome to the **Duck-Rabbit Philosophy Farm**, an interactive, educational game designed to introduce children to philosophical concepts through playful exploration. Join Duck and Rabbit as they guide young philosophers around a whimsical farm, exploring ideas from autonomy and belief to ethical dilemmas like the trolley problem!

## 🎮 How to Play

* Explore the farm by clicking areas on the interactive map.
* Discover hidden letters scattered throughout the scenes. Each one is a colorful image from the `assets/images/letters` folder.
* When a letter is clicked, it slides to the bottom of the screen and lines up with the others.
* Each letter reveals a philosophical concept, a friendly explanation, and engaging questions.
* Click on the Duck-Rabbit icon anytime for helpful advice or hints. After you find all 26 letters, the icon congratulates you.
* Once you reach the picnic area, a map icon appears in the top-left corner. Click it to return to the farm map.

## 🌟 Key Features

* **Interactive exploration**: Navigate through various engaging scenes like Sheep in the Field, What is it Like to Be a Bat, and Shadows in the Cave.
* **Educational dialogues**: Duck and Rabbit guide thoughtful discussions on philosophical questions tailored for kids.
* **Engaging visuals**: Cartoon farmyard characters and colorful backgrounds create an inviting environment for learning.

## 🛠️ Technology Used

* **JavaScript** with the **p5.js** library for creative coding.
* **HTML/CSS** for structure and styling.
* Hosted on **GitHub Pages** for easy access and sharing.

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

To run the game locally on your machine:

1. Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/maxaeon/philosophygame.git
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

4. Open `http://localhost:8080` (or the URL shown in the terminal) in your web browser.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
philosophygame/
├── assets/
│   ├── images/       # Game visuals
│   └── audio/        # Sound effects (optional)
├── js/
│   ├── characters.js
│   ├── sceneCharacters.js  # Characters by scene
│   ├── scenes.js
│   ├── letters.js
│   └── sketch.js
├── index.html        # Main HTML file
└── style.css         # Styling
```

### Scene-specific character settings

The file `js/sceneCharacters.js` exports an optional `sceneCharacterSettings`
object. Use it to override where a character appears and how large it is in a
given scene:

```javascript
sceneCharacterSettings["barn"] = {
  donkey: { x: 340, y: 400, size: 140 }
};
```

Any properties you specify will temporarily replace the character's default
`x`, `y` and `size` values while that scene is drawn.

## 🤝 Contribution

Suggestions and contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to help enhance the game.

## 📜 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

Enjoy exploring philosophy with Duck and Rabbit! 🎉
